---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Christopher Snider Talk

I really enjoyed the talk with Christopher Snyder. I learned so much about the role of tech in the healthcare industry, and how the FDA ties into the whole process. This topic is personal to me as well, as I have family members that have diabetes, although they are not in the US. That makes a huge difference as well, since the condition in the US is much worse owing to the lobbying by Big Pharma. Regardless, it was extremely interesting to learn about Christopher's story, and reasoning for being involved with Tidepool Loop as well. It was also notable that he was diagnosed around the same age as we all are right now, in college and just getting through life. It just goes to show how random life can be, and it's inspiring that he made something out of that struggle to help other peoople.

<!--more-->

I knew handling sensitive medical information is a huge responsibility, and that is the reason the FDA would probably have lots of questions aboout the "open-source" nature of the project, which is what Christopher confirmed in his talk. It certainly was informative to learn more about the back and forth with the FDA. I also liked how Christopher said open source is not the problem, it is just an additional layer of community that we can all benefit from, and we should "trust the process". 
It was also noteworthy that Tidepool Loop uses JIRA and all of that information is public as well! I used JIRA last semester and thought it was a really cool and functional system for projects, so it was nice to see the different roadmaps laid out by them. 

Learning about the multiple forks and translations of Tidepool Loop in other countries was very nice as well, since that to me is the true nature of community and mutual growth. I was not super invested in health tech before, but this talk has definitely opened up a space where I could pursue this. 

I also enjoyed watching the documentary - "Opening the Loop", because it shows another unique way of using tech in a creative way. To me, open source technology is driving innovation and positive change in various fields, and I would love to be involved in this community as well!

## Group Project Progress

We changed our trajectory a bit since we're not going to be contributing a lesson plan anymore. We are working on fixing the documentation for Oppia, since it is lacking indeed. We are also looking for code contributions we can make, and the challenges we are facing at the time is finding proper issues where we can navigate the code space and actually make edits since the code issues we are seeing right now seem easily fixable, but upon navigating the codebase they prove to be a lot more difficult. We are also submitting bug reports and feature requests in the meanwhile, and are communicating effectively with each other regularly. 
