---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

## Group Update

I am super proud of Group 5!!! We did the best we could in the time we had, and we each gave the project as much time as we could. 
<!--more-->
We were able to push through multiple code contributions in the last couple weeks, which we wouldn't have believed if you'd told us initially. We had semi-given up on the idea of code contributions because we couldn't navigate the massive codebase Oppia has, but we were successful. Making the presentation, adding the finishing touches to the project and the wiki have all been very fulfilling tasks and we're all proud of the work we've done. I am a little nervous about presenting to the class, as is the rest of the group. But hopefully with a little more practice and prep we'll be good :)


## Last week of classes

I really liked learning about all the cool open source projects everyone added to the wiki, and also enjoyed researching the project I submitted - OpenSecrets. I didn't even think this type of project could exist without constant interruption from bigger lobbies for being so radically transparent, but I imagine since this is all public information anyway, it's more about making it accessible for the people. I LOVED learning about Leah's project -> [Open Source Afro Hair Library](https://afrohairlibrary.org/). The idea of representation of Afro Hair in these video games is a very cool and important initiative that should be taken seriously, since it is the *most basic* thing to want to seee your avatar reflect what you look like in real life. As prof Joanna said in class too, with a project like this, video game creators now don't have the excuse of saying "well we don't have the resources to re-create a specific type of hair", since this is very available to them.
I also enjoyed learning about Amber's project -> [Open Cola](https://github.com/neuralsandwich/OpenCola). 
I have enjoyed all the lectures and new information in this class, and it's been a really fun semester learning with Prof Joanna. She is also the first professor in my entire time studying CS @ NYU who has encouraged us to explore the history of CS, and also look into the different contributions of women in stem. She is also the first to make us question different things and write down our progress in a blog-post form. It's been a very interesting and fun time! :)
