---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## In-Class Discussion

<!--more-->
So, I was running late and did miss the beginning of the lecture, but I did read the slides after and found a bunch of stuff interesting. 
To learn that RedHat is one of the first companies to profit off of an open-source software was cool, also given that they were founded in 1993 just goes to show that people were considering open-source software extremely seriously from the get go, and it's not a "new trend" we're seeing now. 
As for sharing open source across companies - I've grown up watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, and just as the Candy Industry wasn't big on "sharing" anything, I'd just assumed industries don't do that altogether. But learning about film companies sharing software, and then also about US Bank and Comcast genuinely trying to head in this direction, it sort of humanized these companies a bit for me, because it indicates that they're taking risks and trying to be more inclusive, which doesn't always pay off, but it's worth the effort once it does! I also learned about SaaS, I've heard this term before but didn't really know what it meant. 

## Group Project

We had a major breakthrough with our group project this week!!! We were able to find the exact documentation that would lead us to resolve our issues with finding the codebase. It was not straightforward though, because none of the issues addressed finding these internal pages that consisted of faulty code, we basically just kep exploring different parts of Oppia and came across the page. We were *really* happy about this development, and decided to divide and conquer with our group effort for the week. I paired up with Leah, and Nicole and Seoeun paired up together, and we were able to actually tackle 2 issues :)
We also found a few more we wanna work on, and possibly claiming a few issues we had looked at in these past few weeks. We may have to drop the idea of contributing to Documentation, considering we don't have screenshots and exact issues listed down, as we cannot possibly uninstall and re-install the software at this point to regain that proof. We are going to continue on our code contributions path, and hopefully make a difference to the project overall. 

