---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Code Of Conduct
---

## Code of Conduct Activity 

### Part 1

When I read the code of conduct, I thought it was very explicit in its terms, and leaves very little room for any confusion or misinterpretation of the rules. I think if more projects had rules such as this, there would be a greater welcoming aspect to these open source communities. 

The Contributor Covenant code of conduct is a template, and the Go project just added their own "Gopher" values to their code. 
The link for the code of conduct for Eclipse - [Link](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php)

<!--more-->

### Part 2

Sugar Lab's [Code of Conduct](https://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/Sugar_Labs/Legal/Code_of_Conduct)


### Part 3


## Add-On-Activity

I have some experience with coding a Chrome Extension before, so to do so in a group activity was a new way of approaching something familiar. It was fairly easy to get through the first few parts of the activity, but it was only around part 5 that it felt a little more challenging. Coming up with ideas that nobody else has developed, or something that's exciting and fun, but also achievable is hard. I did learn more about Mozilla and the Add-Ons it has, along with different extensions. I think one of my favourite ones is the [Nyan Cat Progress Bar](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nyan-cat-progress-bar-for/bdjaekjkckpdknkfncfnaibkabdcgmkg?hl=en), which is partly responsible for inspiring my team (Group 4) to come up with a plan. I'm hoping it goes well, and we all have some fun while developing the extension :)
