---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Reflections on Group Project

I really love working with my team, this has got to be the best group project so far since every single person is on the same page, we are all respectful of each other's time and schedule, and we genuinely enjoy getting to know one another and working on this project. Installing the software was actually a really difficult task, much more so than we initially evaluated. It took about 11 hours total to get the installation done, and a lot of back and forth on the instructions because they were not 100% clear. But we are in a good spot now, and are continuing to work together. We have made one contribution so far, and are working toward making another one soon, we are just catching up with the codecase for Oppia at the time, which means getting familiar with their code framework and structure.
Everyone in this team is supportive, helpful and aware of each others strengths and weaknesses, so we work well as a team overall. 

## Talk with Jim

I really enjoyed the talk, and am grateful we got to hear Jim tell us about his experiences. All of his anecdotes about starting to code at the age of 6, to the war games, recreating screens from cool games at home, were fascinating and I especially liked the one about getting out of doing math hw. I think everyone single person involved in the technical side of computer science has one thing in common, which is they are all inquisitive and like solving a problem at the end of the day. That curiosity can really range from "What does this button do" to "Let me create a new Operating System", there's really a lot to do there. I enjoyed listening to Jim's breakdown of Free DOS, how it was initiated to where it is today, and appreciated all the advice he had to give us. I especially liked reading about his response to my question about learning the history within tech, and if it makes us better programmers, and I do share the same sentiment about breaking down tech being a "mystical black box" and having a more basic understanding of programming would be really beneficial to students today (myself included)!


On an unrelated note, I found out the Internet Archive lost its first copyright lawsuit, and I remember Mek talked about it, so it was pretty upsetting news and I did look further into it. This is a pretty decent article that sums it all up [Article Link](https://time.com/6266147/internet-archive-copyright-infringement-books-lawsuit/)
