---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Reflections on Cathedral & the Bazaar
 <!--more-->
I liked reading this essay, and also liked how Eric Raymond used the analogy to differentiate between the more "corporate" side of closed software and that of collaborative open-source software. It serves as a sort of "how to" guide for a person interested in the world of contributing to software. All of the lessons have a wonderful message behind them, and I really enjoyed discussing the different perspectives we all had in class. Some of the lessons were a little vague though, and their meaning is really open to interpretation, while some were a lot more straightforward. 

## My favourite lesson
I really liked these two lessons - "To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you." & "When you lose interest in a program, your last duty to it is to hand it off to a competent successor".  
I think I've been following this advice for a few semesters now, and it was a full circle moment when I actually read it in a published book, it meant that much more. 
I fully think if I am not interested in an issue, no matter what happens I will not care about it as much as I should, and that will ultimately be inefficient and ineffective work that I do toward the project. This is also sort of connected to the second lesson, which is if I did find a problem interesting, and am working on it for a while, but lose interest after a while, the best thing to do for that project is hand it off to someone who shares that same level (if not more) of interest as I did when I started out. Of course this can't be appied to personal projects since those are just my own, but more applicable towards projects accessible by other people.

## Group Project (Oppia) and 5-min presentations

I think I felt relieved to know other groups had similar problems as ours. When it came to installation, we had a huge setback and we thought we were alone in that experience, but learning about other groups experiences was a sense of calm. There were a few groups which have established direct channels of communication with maintainers, which was really cool to know about. The group that made posters for their project, that was really interesting to hear about because it's such a trust based process! I would definitely check out some of these projects because they sound fascinating. (Definitely going to look at MAPLE). 

When it comes to my group project, we actually got some input from Professor Joanna during the 5-min presentation about one of our plans. We had originally wanted to contribute a lesson plan, but were informed that it would actually be much more difficult than we had anticipated. We decided to take the advice and change our plans for contribution accordingly, and are now focused on posting bug reports and feature requests, as well as claiming feature requests and contributing code as well. Things are going well, and we are meeting regularly :)

